contribute/style: Convention for placing hypotheses before colon (#154)
leanprover-community/leanprover-community.github.io: templates/contribute/style.md

but this can be omitted, for example, to group together a number of
short definitions, or to group together a definition and notation.

> ### Hypotheses Left of Colon ###

Reviewer: I think this should go earlier in the document, maybe right before the `### Binders ###` section.

Otherwise LGTM.

> Generally, having hypotheses to the left of the colon is preferred
> over having hypotheses in implications, when possible. For instance:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generally, having arguments to the left of the colon is preferred
over having arguments in universal quantifiers or implications, 
if the proof starts by introducing these variables. For instance:
```
I think it's good to make this rule only apply if the proof starts by introducing the variable, (e.g. by `λ` or by `intro`). It's fine to keep the argument on the right if the first step of the proof is something else, e.g. induction.

```lean
example (n : ℝ) (h : n > 1) : n > 0 := by linarith
```

is preferred over

```lean

> example (n : ℝ) : (n > 1) → (n > 0) := λ h, (by linarith)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
example (n : ℝ) : n > 1 → n > 0 := λ h, by linarith
```
